e
[Music]
if the progression sounds like let's fly
to the castle so that's because it's a
it's a reference am I too loud my
thing's clipping or something
[Music]
but yeah
uh sorry my voice is a little [__] up
today
uh let me go back
so
this I technically released this song
before my first
album uh this is from the emotions EP
that released under dash
d5h uh with
silver and uh
pretty much nobody heard it maybe like
10 people remember this e it was
literally before Winter's end it was in
2013 and
uh I was working on Carousel CU a lot of
it was a was a consideration
of um old fandom culture I re
reinterpreted it here
and the funny thing about that baddy I'm
going to release you in just a
second you are
released
uh was
actually where is it hi
uh what is it
called
scapic
[Music]
DJ I'm the wrong
thing I think I got it wait it's
there it is
so
originally uh in 2013 I used the the
website looperman a
lot and I had this piano Loop that
sounded like this
and I loved that Loop a lot and so
that's what I built the
original uh this this off
[Music]
of so um when I was doing let's fight of
the castle
I technically still used the loop for
that one but I then later found out
because I actually bought the
synthesizer Nexus specifically to make
Carousel and that's this thing Nexus is
a a synth
that how do I put this um I didn't
actually have Nexus back in like
2013 but a lot of Loops were people were
making using
Nexus um and here's the funny thing
right uh I grew up around a lot of like
really elitist
musician like
opinions in the sense that basically
like 70% plus of the musicians I was
around told me to never use this never
use Nexus why because it sounds good was
like huh wait why wait if it sounds good
shouldn't they use it they're like no
it's
cheating it sounds good everyone uses it
cheating and so for
like I would say a good eight years I
avoided using
Nexus myself because quote unquote it
was cheating unquote because the presets
sound so good and a lot of the stuff is
overused and it's true a lot of the
presets in here were overused by like
dance artists and stuff but the thing is
it's like you can make this [__] sound
really [__] like
good um but that said I remember when it
came to writing Carousel I was like holy
[__] wait I am not like an elitist
anymore and I'm not around elitist
anymore I can buy
Nexus I can actually do it this time and
my my plan was just to use it for
Carousel and then I'd probably move on
and stop using it as much but as it
turns out
Nexus I fell so deeply deeply deeply
deeply romantically in love with the
synthesizer cuz it really does sound
[__] awesome no matter what you do
with it it's like hard to make it sound
bad and the reason why people are think
it's cheating why people thought it was
cheating you don't really hear people
say that anymore by the way like this
this is an old old style opinion
right but the reason why people said it
was cheating is because it's a pre it's
presets only you can't build your own
synth sounds in it really you can but
it's really hard to it's mainly just for
presets and there used to be you again
you really don't hear this much anymore
but there used to be the this opinion
like if you use presets you're not a
real artist or something which is crazy
cuz like [__] Quincy Jones out here
using presets to make [__] Michael
Jackson music so like don't tell me
anything but forget it it's like the the
problem is
um it stems from the opinion of if you
only use presets and nothing else then
you're going to sound very similar to
other artists which is true um but that
that uh opinion got into this game of
telephone until eventually it became the
opinion of if you use presets you're
like a you're spawn of Satan or
something um and what's funny is I I'm
really like really knowledgeable at
sound design these days like I can make
really complex like interesting ideas
from scratch and despite having that
skill set and knowing a lot about sound
design you can't just like do sound
design constantly because like when you
write music if you're like holy [__] I
need this sound I'm going to spend a
[__] half hour to 60 Minutes making
this sound that it's too bad that the a
sound like this doesn't already exist
somewhere oh but it
does just go get a preset it's not a big
deal like taking time out of your
writing sessions to start doing sound
design is like so [__] annoying um
unless the song itself is like sound
design focused and that's like the main
writing concept for it um and so
uh I I fell deeply in love with Nexus um
and so I use this on like all my songs
now um but the main the main thing I
wanted to get to is like
the where is it this is the
piano I don't I don't actually know how
to play this on piano let me let me
teach myself really quickly
so that's this is the piano right here
that that Loop was made with and I was
like when when I found it I I wasn't
planning on finding
this
um like when I when I picked up Nexus
for for Carousel I wasn't like I'm going
to find that piano from [__] emotions
CU I didn't give a [__] about that song
Anymore [__] emotions would have been
10 years old by the time I finished
Carousel or some [__] like that like I
didn't care about that song when I was
thinking about it but when I when I was
going through Nexus cuz I wanted to find
a bunch of the old Brony presets like
they used this [__] A Lot in like
balloon party and stuff right like a lot
of the artists who were on balloon party
used
Nexus and so I was like I was trying to
find those presets and and find those
presets I did there are lots of really
nostalgic classic presets in this
synthesizer that you would recognize
from all the classic Brony Chun and [__]
but when I hit piano
AA and have like 10 years of memories
Flash by me in seconds when I
heard that
sound and so what was interesting
is I couldn't actually find the original
Loop so originally with uh I decided to
interpolate the the Melody from emotions
in uh let's fight of the castle but
originally I was doing it with the
preset with this thing and I just
couldn't get it to sound exactly the way
it did in emotions and so I was like oh
I guess it'll just be like you know a
little bit different and that's okay
probably just some other stuff that the
original Loop maker had done to spice it
up I suppose
um but then I managed to find it after
doing a [__] ton of like digging through
my old downloads folders cuz it wasn't
where I normally keep my looperman
loops and so that's when I I Came Upon
it
and so then I deleted everything I did
for let's fight to the castle for that
remake part and I just threw the loop in
and everything just like worked I was
like super happy about
it so that's that's why let's fly to the
castle it sounds similar to emotions
because it is emotions oh there's also
was it this one
yeah this is also a loop I don't think I
used this one in let's fight of the
castle
[Music]
but and this is also like two Nexus
presets I think it's one of the
arpeggiation ones it's
uh I think it's this
[Music]
one oh it's just one preset yeah here we
go
so you see that it arpeggiator I'm
[Music]
playing it's it's it's better written on
a computer than played by hand because
it's so like
perfect uh but it's it's a like a trans
ARP gate pad thing
combination um what makes Nexus sound so
rich is where with most synthesizers you
kind of have one synth sound that you
make Nexus like combines a bunch of them
into like a big big ass layer
so like this piano
[Music]
sound is four piano layers in one you
could see them all playing at once
[Music]
here there's
this
this and this all playing at once with
each
note which is part of what contributes
it contributes to it sounding so [__]
good is it's enormous each P patch is
fat as [__] so you get still like I they
added a random button some years back
and so you can just like hit random
and oh we're just in the piano section I
just
realized let's let's just change this to
be all presets some of these are super
silly sounding
too oh that's one we play low
[Music]
like you don't have to put in effort to
make these patches sound
good they just sound good
[Music]
I don't really find the sequence is very
helpful to me cuz it's just kind of like
a a song that's like I can't really do
much with that but I'm sure someone
could find something useful for
it oh that sounds
nice close the filter a little bit
where's the
filter it's going to be like
[Music]
oh I forgot to mention it even has like
orchestral stuff that sounds pretty
decent like listen to this
am
h
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't know about you that sounds
pretty [__]
good and then back to the EDM [__] I
[Music]
guess little troll there sounds really
cool
[Music]
oh yeah and then there is this we just
where is it I think it's in Just Go
guitar and then what do I say I
say so this
[Music]
or is it in just a
factory there it
is this but then we turn off
the turn off the pad take off the delay
and then you get this
[Music]
so that's where this comes
from so I think I added all done I put
on
vintage verb do this
[Music]
way just one of the best sounding
patches in the
world when you get down to this low
chord
here that's that's that's where I feel
like Nexus shines the most is like you
go all the way down down here it still
sounds so crisp and transparent a lot of
other vsts would just
fold oh it's so rich sounding it's so
rich and like warbly and nice
[Music]
damn hell
yeah so love
Nexus shout out Nexus
forever we Vitality glitching in this
[__] I'm pretty sure I used
Nexus and Vitality glitch
somewhere actually could I technically
pull up the project
I use senheiser HD
600s the H 600s by uh old mate
Sun I'm not going to try and do an
Australian accent
tayor more about the babscon thing what
babscon thing do you need to know about
I'm just
performing Vitality glitch hurry up
you're not a big beefy project you're
normal sized come on
when is the when is the thing happening
what
thing what thing is
happening did you supply bads come with
the I'm cek Flo art yeah so the the
concert director said send me something
to represent you I just said [__] put
I'm cek flow there
you'll also notice that hold
on uh R fantasy drums and
then flare for the dramtic drums I
reused the drum loop I made for flare
for the dramatic in Revenge fantasy so
we have
[Music]
a so this this is Revenge
fantasy and this is swear for the
[Music]
dramatic just a fun fact okay here's
Vitality glitch
[Music]
let's look at the Melanie
section oh I forgot I made this in phas
plant this
one the
sound going to use face plant
more this is a vital glitch or a v a
vital patch
what's the texture in the
background
one probably the
noise so this is actually a guitar
oh this is guitar in the background
here except what is
this oh I think this is
uh me [__] with my bass
guitar and that's pitch down
and then I added these effects to it so
I can something like
this oh there's a Nexus patch in here
what is
it there it is this here's a Nexus patch
inside of
Monarch I am what they made me yet I've
always that
control set up
[Music]
by what's up
here oh let just guitar
is
[Music]
gling what is this
that's my disgusting gritty ass bass
guitar
[Music]
like the sound here
I like I like this RI for this
[Music]
guitar in the context out
oh
[Music]
what oh yeah I forgot about this noise
stuff I am what they made it
I don't see any other
way I can't see any other
face my Vitality is deep
love okay so this was one of my favorite
things
is this
thing this sound right here is one
instrument and it's technically playing
one note
here it's using ableton's meld
synthesizer and the way I got this
effect was in mp notation so basically
when it does what I I wanted it to I
wanted to transition from the key of
Vitality glitch to the key of wallflower
equation for this ending section but to
do so would be very difficult to do
monophonically without with automation
so what I used was I leveraged this
thing called MP and for those who don't
know what MP is is if you have like a
synthesizer you can bend it
up
wait what am I trying to
do you can use the pitchbend wheel to do
this
to bend everything up and down but it
works the same for every single note you
play so I play a
chord it it bends the whole chord up or
down what MP is is that concept but you
can bend each individual note separately
from each other they're all
independent and not everything has this
capability but
ableton's uh what is this called Mel
synth has has this
capability and so in order to morph from
the key of Vitality glitch to the key of
uh walll equation and to make it make
sense I I had to bend all the notes at
different
intervals so you can see here this line
represents the
pitchbend nodes from from this way and
the other difficult thing was the fact
that wallfire equation isn't in isn't in
440 Herz which means I didn't I can't
even bend like perfect note numbers I
have to do this in odd interval numbers
which is which is more difficult to wrap
your head around if you don't understand
how pitches work
so uh I'm not even going to try to
explain that right now but the way it
sounds isolated as
this and you can see the notes all
bending with each other
here
[Music]
oops so these two notes go up different
intervals
and this one down here goes
[Music]
down and to get it to sound like an
organ at the end I'm doing automation
here too you can see stuff moving
around right here
[Music]
do I have a reason for the odd tuning
for the non-standard tuning it sounds
better to my ear and I'll I'll I'll
showcase this really quickly um
originally the song
Earnest was it was in 440
Hertz I guess I'll try to explain this
so if I have a sine
wave uh let's get vital and then let's
just throw this on a normal sine wave
and then let's get the Spectrum
up let's
just the way things are typically
done by the way this is the famous sound
if you don't know if you play the
note um
A3 on the keyboard with a sine wave in a
standard tuning
setting this will be playing at exactly
440 htz
and the rest of the keyboard follows the
rest of the keyboard follows that 440
Hertz tuning if for example I tune this
whole thing
up by just a little bit but not a full
note now instead of a being 440 it's
about 441 4 4 oh it's
450 so basically 440 Herz when we're
when we're saying something is tuned to
440 Herz we mean to say that it's tuned
to like the standard tuning that
everyone knows when we say oh was tuned
to 450 that means it's 10 Hertz above
standard if we tune to 430 then it's 10
10 Hertz below 440 standard and so a lot
of the songs that I make I do outside of
the 440 standard um and the reason why
is because I really really
like the in
between a lot of things sound so much
better to my ear in the non standard
tuning um and where I really first
discovered this was with Ernest with the
song nnest from Alo and Lotus so
originally do I have the non
[Music]
fixed okay
so this is the old version and then this
is the
fixed is version and it should drift
yeah so if I put the original nnest and
the new Earnest side by side they're
different length
because one's pitched up
so Earnest this is the original pitch
that Ernest is
[Music]
in this is in standard
440 versus looking in the mirror I don't
know I see I see I don't know how to be
a
[Music]
sh the person that's pitched up ever so
slightly sounds so much more exciting to
me and so much more like pleasing to the
ear so again let's let's color code
these really quickly
when I have what whichever one I have
selected is the one we're listening to
if I'm selected up here this is the old
one this is the new
one
am sometimes I'm scar you they say about
you
and maybe you thinking too much about
you a
little my heart
the version that's pitched up just a
little bit not a lot SS so much more
pleasing to me it's still on the same
technical key it's still
like you can still play this in standard
but I I just like it a lot
more it it twinges my ear a little bit
and one of the things I actually do as a
as a singer is a lot of the times one of
the ways I like to make my vocal s more
pleasing is I sing ever so slightly
sharp ever so slightly higher than I'm
supposed to in
pitch and I think it sounds really
awesome it it h honest to God it sounds
really cool to
me it's one of my favorite things to do
I sort of do it naturally now um I don't
know the science behind it or why but
there's got to be a reason for
it um if you think about how waveforms
work I mean it's like the the waveforms
are tighter I guess
guess I'm really trying to think about
why why that would be the case cuz there
is going to be a physical explanation
for
it
but that said
um a lot of times I'm doing songs out of
standard 440 so if you find yourself
trying to play something and it just
doesn't sound right it's probably
because it's a weird weird like Herz
tuning
it could be psychological because 440 is
so normal that hearing something that
deviates just a little bit from it we
notice a lot but also here's the other
thing a lot of music from before
computers is not technically in 440
standard they might have recorded things
in 440 standard but because of the use
of Vera
speed because they use of ver speed that
might not be the case once you hit the
recording
um and I think was very sweet is is
people people have been taking shortcuts
in making music since the dawn of
recorded
audio and it's it's funny when people
think that it's a it's a it's a thing
that only recently emerged because of
computers but like not kidding people
used to slow their songs down a little
bit in the studio with tape with a
Realto real tape sing over that and
speed it up back to normal back to
normal speed so they could hit the notes
a bit easier they used to do that and
that's why a lot of songs sometimes
sound the way that they do
so what's an example of
this um let me take the [__] it let's
take
this here's a no matter what 2024
[Music]
instrumental so what they would do is
they would take the song Maybe slow it
down by one
note so they could hit the note a little
better swarming wait
swarming is
to night and then they would speed it up
again they would do it this
way oh wait that wasn't pitched up
morning is
soon night
they would do that that's why a lot of
recordings sound the way they do from
before
computers they do this a lot of the time
and some and because you were working
with tape and like vinyl and all this
like stuff that can move its pitch
around it was never going to be in
perfect 440 it's going to fluctuate at
least a little
bit people have been doing [__] like
this for years
guys um
also wait hold on I got to see the lore
I got see the
lore okay
I I found this image because [__]
burial poster or
whatever this
image okay this is this is this is I I
need know guys I swear to God I thought
this was like
Sano I need to does anyone know where
this picture was [__]
taken does anyone know where this
picture was taken I [__] have to know
I thought it was Sano I thought it could
have been San Diego uh it could have
been like I don't know this is 100% West
Coast I I looked up this third
306d all over the west coast and I
couldn't find I couldn't find
just have to know if someone knows where
this is it does it's I I I would I would
bet money that this is in California
there's there's no way this isn't in
California I would be extremely
surprised I've been obsessed I I
obsessed with this for like an hour and
a half before stream started and I
couldn't find where this
was but I swear to God it's it's West
Coast like I have to know if that's like
a street name or or an address or or if
this is like some sort of other
denotation
I found a bunch of similar matches to
this brick wall in San Diego but I
couldn't find the exact type of thing I
found like almost the exact same here
except this top was arched rather than
rather than straight get rainbolt in
chat yeah do I want to ask rainbolt for
this he would I of all the people in the
world he wouldn't give a [__] about me
um but like I [__] have to know this
it's it I it's it's like this this is
has to be a dead give this has to be a
dead giveaway this has to be a dead
giveaway and this has to be a dead
giveaway like
three three things here that should tell
us exactly where we are and then the the
trees that the worst part about this is
I can't tell if this is Los Angeles or
if it's Sacramento because like there
are parts of Sacramento that look like
this I I was just obsessed I was just
obsessed I need to know where this
[__] image is like the caption the
caption was uh something like found out
I wasn't Filipino or something and me
being a Filipino American from Daily
City California I'm like my my first
guess is like is this like San Bruno is
this Daily City i r i don't think it's
Daily City because like this kind of
brick style they would not do and this
this thing here is throwing me the [__]
off I don't know where who has
this like that looks like a like a
newspaper holder right am I'm freaking
out it's a newspaper holder or a mailbox
but probably a newspaper holder I don't
know I was freaking out about this all
day I'm obsessed with it I need to know
where this
is I have to
know anybody anybody anybody I I'll take
any I'll take anything this an
electrical thing I really really doubt
it for it to have a stand like
that okay good night stick buug
ugly looking pay phone that is not a pay
phone there's no way actually no
wait I don't think it's a payone but
there is an argument to be made for it
though now that I think now that I look
at it for just a little bit second
longer
God where the [__] is this sorry I'm
losing my mind it's West Coast there's
no way it's not West
Coast what if it says 36 D and the and
the O is rubbed off yeah I I I'm pretty
sure that is
306 I never I never thought it was 3 WX
I thought it was
306 and I found places that have similar
addresses written on the curb like
that it's just pissing me off I feel
like I should know where this is I feel
like I've been
here it wouldn't be 3616 because you can
see this this midsection goes higher
than the six does
here why they wearing a hat and have
another hat it's throwing me off this
this this is what it was like to be
Filipino in the early 2010s that's just
you you had to be
there I was like this I I would wear a
hat and [__] have another hat on my
[__] like loop back like my my belt
loop on my my
ass like don't play with Filipinos and
snapbacks in their early 2010s I swear
to
God but that's the that the the original
image I think was joking about that
because it's just a [__] stereotype
from that period of
time Part of Me part of me says I miss
Daily City for the Filipino culture But
like after in the late 2010s all of that
started to like kind of simmer down at
least with the people my age
I mean the Filipinos are everywhere
but but they stop dressing like this
that's for
sure okay sports team on the hat I have
something to I have something that
you're not going to want to hear but we
also liked to have hats to teams that we
didn't give a [__]
about so uh I'm pretty sure that's
that's the Hornets the basketball team
this person's not a hornet fan I
guarantee you I
promise I promise I have a I had a
[__] Miami Heat snapback when I was
like when I was like
13 I my my local team was the Warriors
I'm not from I've never even been to
Florida I had a I had a Miami Heat
snapback I had a bull snap pack
well was Warriors if you were if you
were up North and then it was uh Lakers
if you were South I think it
was and then like the other teams
interpers that weren't from them huge
ass cities or
whatever and then there's the whole deal
with
like the only engine on my desktop yeah
I I had it there to remind me to talk
about
it but yeah I if anyone could find where
this photo is at some point please I'll
do
anything I just have to know if it's
where I think it is any of the places I
think it could
be but
okay that is the way and that is the way
let's see if I know VI Pony music
uh it's that sheltered Destinies right
yeah
okay little
hugs I just know the frequency of that
noise there's no other song in my
discography that it could be I I promise
I promise I'm not insane like I have a
lot of noise in a lot of my songs this
is the only one that has like a really
really sharp peak in the high end like
this I I I Pro if you if you were me
this would make so much sense to you I
promise this is the only song where the
noise sounds exactly like
that it's [__] Tales From reestri day
apparently hypoc
Festival
um how do I spell it the hipper festival
oh it's just the Hipp
Festival whatever
dude uh
oh uhoh what is this
it's not it's not
it's is it it's it's not it's not
uh what is uh [__] it's it's it's
uh Mark of Harmony
hell [__] yeah
bro I knew
it yeah Mark of Harmony
nice all
[Music]
right everything
glimmer
nice uh it's it's the one
before the
thing I forgot the title of it oh uh
kayak
okay sh that was [__]
easy I forget the full title it's like
ballot of
the in it's like in the Hudson Bay and
the ballot of 100 warships but I just
want to make sure I type it
correctly huses me in the ballot of 100
warships okay I got it anyway I got it
right Hudson Bay and the ballad of the
warships Colossus is it
Colossus it's not
Colossus is it
Colossus it is
Colossus nice perfect score
easy is your easy life easy money bro
very
good no it's 500 Bakugan balls so true
you want to say hi to
Drago here's
Drago say hi
Drago I know how to make him the
oh oh yeah
okay let's uh
that's game
[Music]
it's time to go all
in looks like I got to go all
in have I played metaphor some of it I
got
distracted I'll continue it at some
point it's just it's just a little bit
of a slog in some
parts bad I was watching me play it too
it's like some there are some moments
where it's like really good in some
moments where it's just like oh my God I
can't I can't I can't it's too much
too much anime moments you know what I
mean like the the moments where I forget
that it's the anime video game I'm like
this is I'm having a fun time and every
time it has to remind me that it's an
anime I'm just like I can't do this I
can't do this I see it all I see it all
I see it all I see it all
[Music]
damn it's been a little bit since we we
actually we actually played a red dead
I'm excited to get back in
it so we can go all
ined Dead Redemption is my favorite
anime I was thinking like cuz uh Trump's
trying to outlaw queers and [__] I mean
this is why we're got to be studying red
dead though right cuz uh everyone needs
to everyone needs to get strapped and
get a horse and uh this this is the kind
of [__] they want us to
be
hello if they want to make us Outlaws
then we're we're we're going to be
Outlaws
dude thanks
man what were we doing there's so much
to do in this game
we're red doing the
taxes my bounty is
$55 what stay that one why
not I feel like I'm I can't
like missing out on very like important
mechanic ideas but maybe
not there's so much to pay attention
to how you feeling stronger for sure but
not strong enough to
work evening
Arthur probably just needs to sleep at
all well he looks like he's been up for
days
me and the kid made a killing out there
a killer well put something in the box
of
course
mhm now how about we grab ourselves a
drink son sure but I ain't sitting on
your
knee this boy is a killer isn't it good
to be out of that godamn snow why are
you so chipper we're going to be good we
are going to be great faith my son
face good
business all
right good
evening so I I got to
ask uh where was it I was seeing the
[Music]
it
says it says here
16% right we're not 16% through the game
right this means something
else cu the game has felt so short for
this to be
16%
right it's it's definitely longer
haven't played it's just like I I hav
been enjoying this game so much that I
see 16% like this better
[__] this this better [__] not
me as long as that number I saying it
is all right horse
yet I got to remember the controls okay
boy like I was promised like 150 hours
of gameplay if I wanted to do everything
in this game or some [__] like that
hey hello CR I can't Target you right
now to be fair disco elesium is a long
game and I wish it was
longer my disco play through is like
what 42
hours yeah
[Music]
what the
what okay okay keep your hair
on what was
that it's just
like I I don't have a lot of patience in
video
games
and I don't like when games last longer
than they need to too partially why I
love undertale and like Celeste is
because they do everything they need to
do in their time span no waste of time
whatsoever
um what's going on
here
um so when you've got a [__] 40 plus
hour game and I feel like it needs to be
longer that that means it's a good game
like there's there's no easy way of U
expressing that it really is just if
it's a 40 plus hour game and I need it
to be longer then it's a good
game this game is good enough just by
walking through the environments
too hey mister
even Mister even Mister bur as a though
I went all
in what is this territory what is
this
stranger my [__] playthrough of Elden
ring was 120 hours I still don't think
it's long
enough my first playthrough I should say
[Music]
yeah hello
stranger t g team grw is
recruiting we going to go up there
right presumably
[Music]
easy
easy like holy [__] that's beautiful
so many moments in here where I forget
I'm playing a video
game then it does something to remind me
of a video game it's a weird ass [__]
glitch but you
know
Rockstar yeah okay boy
I just don't understand this at
all hey over
here what's the problem problem no
there's no problem quite the contrary
well there is a problem for me but not
for you all right
I ain't got time for this no wa no wait
give me a minute of your life I might
just change it forever I'm sure you will
have heard of me Maximo Christal
valdespino the renowned
Explorer can't say I have there has been
much written about me I once had high
tea with a vice Roy of India I helped
liberate South America I've climbed
mountains and swam across Seas I have
had many women
I have spent the last three months
hunting treasure on the American
frontier beautiful country reminds me a
lot of Almeria but tomorrow I set sail
for the island of shikoku in the
Japanese archipelago in search of the
legendary tokushima
sappire well good for you no no hold on
you see this map here it was made by the
jackhole gang they rob banks all the way
from here to California yeah I know who
the Jack Hall gang are oh them you have
heard of but me huh well rumor has it
they barely gold somewhere in this area
but were killed before they could
retrieve it they created two maps to
ensure it was well hidden this is the
first and should lead you to the second
you just need to follow the landmarks
drawn
here me yes unfortunately I am out of
time now but I am prepared to sell it to
you for the low price of
$10 a trifling investment for a man such
as you given the potential
returns how much money do I
have ah what the hell why not a very
wise invest I bet they're lying to me I
wish you the best of luck but I don't
care we're going to see what this thing
is definitely lying to
me super sketch maybe a firefight
waiting for me but
it is what it
is did I rob a bank not
yet but I like
to fil me
in game right well that's
cute I'm we just 10 East for
fun then we'll get back on track
just a quick Adventure get and
out so look at the
map
oh corpse
corpse
yay so
wa I kind
of don't know where you want me to look
or where the map wants me to look oh
maybe I need to read it first I
think don't stop he just wants to pull
his gun out constantly
okay and then it should
automatically
something
wait does it want me to find it this
time
where does he want me to
go it's hard to see it in the dark
you actually have to find it okay cool
that's what I was
wondering down the mountain which is
that
looking feel like that's this way
[Applause]
it's down here
right yeah that's it boy
you're all right
boy no
pillars yeah
maybe it's not this
mountain it's a different one
slow it
up huh
well if I see the thing I see the
thing oh what's this over
here whoa easy
hey there nice
singing oh hey
there why don't you join me and have a
seat over here by by the fire
oh out the fire
huh bone
dry since I'm carrying
around you won't even believe but if I
had a little whiskey to loosen up my
tongue a little I might I might tell you
here only fitting that i' be drinking
the devil's
Brew I'll be seeing him soon and
up yeah dude
you're you're a place called four
rigs South is
strawberry Captain Indians pinned in
there like
cattle I ain't know what's
worse seeing the ones we killed or
watching the other ones Die slow way
well they pay well them government
boys but money don't last long
uh-uh Elon
Musk it's what you
did sticks
around on Old
field I was
a young man then
but I still see them face as clear as
yesterday how to do wait does he have
regret not Elon
Musk am I RIS through last minute
feeling very sleepy all of a
sudden yeah
[Music]
pry bad
sleep what are the drawbacks to killing
it
yeah one less
honor give me your
Apple Apple give to my [__]
horse see
you what else was East oh we haven't
gone East
yet let's go
east I thought you said
Wast
y I gave whiskey whiskey coat to a guy
and
robbed when you do it to a colonizer
it's not called robbing it's called
redistribution
now it might have just gone to another
white guy AR Arthur Morgan
but
whatever is unavailable to your to your
recent
crimes I didn't do anything
hey
Mis good morning
partner good morning
partner
yeah good boy
oh wait did it really is really mad at
me for robbing him
yeah is that what it
is I thought it was something else
robbing it wasn't a [__] big deal
I mean redistributing
okay there okay there
[Music]
come e
dinner
hello puppy waiting so patiently and
nice is that all I
got oh
where did the rest of the body
go he's hungry
a singular bite from an entire animal is
normal you're
right
boy Hey where's my hat
God there we
go good job
[Music]
nothing like the horse bonding
stop yeah I love the plus Force icon
Horse Friends
music what does the call out button do
as opposed to just greeting is it just
like longer distance greeting for find
stops hey there Jesus oh
[Music]
Jesus take it
easy I won't die no
wolf
yeah oh oh you there please help
me out oh God I'm
out what really
damn I'm feeling like condenser right
[Music]
now what all this then hello sir first
time here I think
okay let's take a look at
[Music]
it have a turkey
feather I hope you make good use of that
wow just want to help a guy so long
maybe see you at my other spot leather
fur you name it I can work with it
come on
boy all right
yeah yeah okay
boy o let's
see this was the bear Pelt guy well I've
got bad news for you it stole my bear
Pelt away where are we
oh this is the place that guy was
talking
about wait I can rob the train
I'll be right
over can I just pay my bounty here happy
to help you start
over oh I see
I never did anything wrong but I got
falsely accused you
know thank you for your
help and my [__] hat
so much way to that
walking don't don't open
that hi there mister morning mister
interesting just skip over some steps
bro Arthur come on you got this there
you
go holy [__] this is accurate
please do some of my horse though
well you can certainly walk up
here okay
boy shoot the barrel don't tempt him
[Music]
yeah there boy
yeah Bridge
[Music]
it's all right
boy hello
oh
hello quiet a day isn't it sure what a
country I'm working on a project
photography yeah I guess that bit of
course Wildlife that's my thing or
that's what I want to be my thing if I
have to take another picture of a grumpy
house fra or pompous middle class Burger
I will feed myself to the Lions stand
here here
just
there Arthur Mor pleasure I trying to
find and capture images of our great
Predators before our greatest Predators
kill them all and stick them on some
Clubhouse wall good luck with that yes
not the
easiest but well I love a challenge the
trick is to leave a big load of meat and
relax and pray they don't mistake me for
lunch oh good Heavens my bag that thing
is robbing me go good Heavens don't
worry
that thing is a
Kyle thinky one too wild life
phographer oh good
[Music]
Heavens drop the back
leave the meat
[Music]
Mister
leave hey Kyle don't think about coming
back
where's the thing is that
it e so
tired even like wincing
accurately so good we got to do that
without killing it that's preferable
[Music]
okay for
he didn't even [__] run after it it
was all
me well well got your bag oh good good
please come
here oh thank you thank you sir bag full
of meat will tend to bring out the worst
in the local population you are a
gentleman the bag also had a lot of my
supplies you've saved me days I'm can't
thank you enough I'm I'm thank you don't
worry about it I'm uh you take care sir
I ain't the one trying to get myself
eating I realize I am a fool forgive me
and thank you very much once
again look you think maybe you should
leave the wildli photography to the
fellas who know a little something about
Wildlife if every every great man had
thought like that there wouldn't be any
great men a little ignorance can go a
long way at least that's what I tell
myself or it can get you
killed but hey good luck please if I'm
to attract any Wildlife I'll need some
privacy do I not get anything for that I
just do all that for
nothing let's go boy
you get his
respect appreciation isn't enough no
I feel it's like misty
here what is this materialistic world
view the world view of the world we live
in no that's
not St fine weather AR
you is
good another day on the move
you're okay boy
easy
wo cocaine gum
four of
them gaspero use your Witcher sense do
it moonshine
letter that's for later arur
you're need that one when 2016 rolls
around I was going to say this is a
church but it's a
[Music]
school yeah it is a
school or it was I read that again
just
words practicing writing words
[Music]
reservation blanket reservation e
afterwards tarity hope hate I Tre
Reckoning eat English sedition
sedition
and words like sedition Soldier treason
reservation
rations I mean
father
18 run run run
I think this is that
thing the guy was talking about
like revolver car that's good
news a lot of them
presumably oh
cigarettes and salmon that's going to be
something oh he wanted to hop on that it
would see
more salmon
presumably nope cheing tobacco it's kind
of the same thing if you're Arthur
Morgan
a rat
[Music]
I think it's under
me well
anyway presumably this guy that we saw
up on the hill like
is that where we are yeah Fort
RS
killed according to him his
words like just essentially just
genocide core
[Music]
guys we can't teach this in schools it's
going to make America look bad
[Music]
that's a plank of wood
partner you're fine
that's a very dubious plank I don't know
if it means anything though
[Music]
all right boy
all right
[Music]
boy whole lot of ugly business here
uh hey there
partner quit wasting my time you
bleeding
fool oh I
see cuz we're in blackwat now
so can't be seen by the fuzz
here I we could just kill them that's
always an
option they can't be Witnesses as if
they're
dead seems pretty hot
here it won't tell me the
temperature 22
CSI hot
hsh it's hot
his that's coldish it's in
celsum you know the actual temperature
measurement where degree changes
actually you can feel
it's not the hottest I my my limit is
like 25
CSI not because it's hot but because I
hate anything hotter than
that it's
terrible who wants to be sweating
constantly
[Music]
you okay boy
right
[Music]
oh it
disappeared how many a lot uniforms
everywhere you see
Sean no I don't think so damn it where's
trone who knows justy keep your eyes
where is that little Irish bastard I'm
not quite sure trani's off trying to
find out has anyone been in the black
water see how things lie place is
crawling with Pinger Jens bounty hunters
pictures of Dutch and Hosea we got a lot
of money sitting in that town and that's
where it's going to remain for
now why haven't they hang sea I wonder I
think he's bait well want to tral him
publicly gentlemen Shawn is being moved
up the upper Montana then to a federal
prison out west damn well we can't be
rescuing people from some federal prison
we either rescue him now or cut him
loose we're not cutting anyone loose of
course not Ike scalings boys are moving
him to a camp nearby before handing him
over to the government so I
guess we need to stop them before they
get to Camp
Charles why don't you head up on the
North side and we'll head up on the
other side of the valley and meet you
that way we have them in either
direction Javier Josiah come on let's go
see you know Arthur the government or
people whom the government like seem to
be very
angry sure well we'll rescue sea and
we'll get ourselves lost good and
property it's a big country I hope
so okay boy let's
[Music]
go let's head up River and find this
boat keep your eyes open for Pinkerton
they got patrols out all over this area
yes south of the River West Elizabeth
isn't a very welcoming place right now
it's definitely as bad as we feared in
there Arthur I keep hearing about this
woman Heidi mccort some young mother
they're saying Dutch murdered on the
boat I don't know about that I wasn't
there bad day and no money yet it seems
I hope you know where that is at least
and Hosea say they do but it's trapped
in the town down there reckon those
might be our boys all right gentlemen
follow
me we'll follow them nice and easy let's
make sure it's him first before you go
starting another War you think they can
see us if they can we're just three
fellas out on the trail act natural
we'll be fine so oh you've been gone for
a while much as I love dodging the law
and sleeping in the dirt with you dcts I
do have other business to attend to what
happened in New York you know how life
is another straight road anywhere
especially with you nice to know I
missed though have you run out of people
to Rob oh we'll never run out of people
to Rob but without me you'll not find
the caliber of victim that I
find come on let's keep them in sight
you all right Javier you're quiet he
hasn't stopped talking since we left you
in Valentine it's the longest ride of my
life cute Dear Boy very
cute pick up the pace a
bit apparently there's a camp somewhere
around here where the bounty Hunters
meet and transfer before continuing out
west I imagine that's where they're
headed what am I doing here
[Music]
we supposed to be watching the
boat hey they've pulled into Shore get
your binoculars out let's see what we're
dealing with
[Music]
here so who are these bounty
hunters I don't know too much about a
skeleton's boys
but I hear they're a big crew wild built
some reputation in the last year or two
that looks like Shan to me certainly
kicking up enough of a
fuss yep that's definitely Shan oh
they're giving him a decent kicking well
you can only imagine the [__] he's been
giving them oh yes they're taking them
up the canyon
there's Charles on the other side let's
go what about the other two down there
I've gotten an idea follow
me whoa
[Music]
we should do this quietly if we can
leave it to me gentlemen I'll go around
and create a distraction then you two
sneak across and do the dirty on them
okay Crouch down out of sight
take out your knife
wait let's get in the river wait until
he's got them off guard before
crossing wait here he's still reeling
them in
gentlemen excuse me dear brothers my
wife has taken Hill Gravely Hill what's
the problem it's dear messy you take the
one on the left where is she let's go
now keep down I I'm beside myself I if I
lose if I lose Bessie I lose everything
calm down
mister I can't I can't I I'm having a
fit dude this dude let's get up
there a pleasure as always gentlemen I
think you have it from
[Music]
here come on we got two halfway up the
canyon to deal
with okay those boots you got there e
those are very nice
who's the guy you come on we need get
what [__] the
hell
kill up there well keep me away
[Music]
push
up come
[Music]
[Applause]
on move
on push up
[Music]
out two on horses
going to make up there on the
cliff there you
[Music]
go I see Charles up
there quick come on let's get up there
[Music]
two more look
[Applause]
[Music]
out here's Charles all good wouldn't go
that far the Camp's up this way come
on I'll take the left side Charles you
go right okay I guess take them down God
Dam Army of these bastards
how
[Music]
about maybe we should turn him in
ourselves still
time stop that bastard I
[Music]
oh what are you doing he's still
brething
[Music]
let's push forward can I not punch I
don't believe it there's more
of to the left by the
tree fancy seeing you
[Music]
here oh well
guys I think we should just give
up here's Charles all good wouldn't go
that far the Camp's up this way come on
Charles you take the right I'll go left
okay let's take the
[Music]
God damn AR me of these bastards how
much is y's bound we should in ourselves
still time
[Music]
[Applause]
let's push
forward that
[Music]
there I'll shoot you
down move
[Music]
up I don't believe
it you know we going to kill you right
boy
[Music]
look they're running
away
okay let's get
shot are you still
[Music]
walking what are you doing
I don't know killing them CU it's
funny are you going to get me down from
here
Arthur get you know you're a lot less
ugly from that other angle arur come
on do I get a hug arter a warm embrace
for a lost brother now found
you know nothing means more to me than
this gang the bond we share it's the
most real thing to me I would kill for
it I would happily die for it but in
spite of all that I would have easily
left you here to ride if Charles hadn't
stop me I don't believe a wed that after
get him out of here you're a great man
ARA Morgan the kind of young whipper
snapper can really admire a shut up
right right we should split up Javier
will you escort Mr Maguire back to Camp
Charles best you ride zer
be careful there's patrols
everywhere what about you I'm going to
see what's worth taking here I'll meet
you back there as soon as I can all
right okay come on I've only got stories
for you yeah I can't wait well imagine
y'all miss me a lot but fair not the joy
is back in your lives
now me
pops AR coming right
oh that's what did
it by who
why he just shooting a gun in TR
[Music]
so are
now good
[Music]
f
oh
[Music]
a
all the bodies are gone
[Music]
okay this abandoned house is so Dillan
corn
[Music]
dude
I'm drawn to this place for
second
yeah you got this man
sh
crap all right
here you
go so there's there's no way to get in
there and maybe I have Dynamite I want
to BL
why did he say he want to stay behind
and see if there's anything worth
getting there's nothing here
I
sorry
[Applause]
boy oh God you I'm trash my leg trash
please quick you got to get this off I'm
going
numb God you did it Praise Jesus oh God
got
to grab something for for the blood
thank you I was I was done for you Sav
me thank
you take something from my back for the
trouble
though I'm
uh I'm going to I'm going to take a take
a minute now yeah drink this for the
pain
God
yes my leg feels like it's like it's on
fire yeah I wonder
why I mean you could use the alcohol as
a disinfectant that's like the better
the better thing but whatever I guess
[Music]
easy or
oh it's a horse stable for like horse
get your horse on
this your first time here well welcome
to my store
there he
is horse
stimulant sugar
cube good
choice you ain't scaring nobody safe and
sound with
me I'm sorry there aren't you a real
trickster what happened uh you mister
excuse
me this place
trouble it's
awesome it's okay
okay there now you ain't wanted around
here I ain't looking for trouble I
assure
you can't grow in these places
where did they go
[Music]
where are
we well we're not in Blackwater
[Music]
hey partner hey
there blessed are the
peacemakers for they shall make lots of
Peace
yeah I want to talk to you today about
the great miracle of holy
passion yes
passion passion is what drives us all it
is what drives me it drives me to serve
you to bring you the great
news the great news that you are saved
today if only you will follow me and do
as I say okay so we can spend eternity
together hello mister well hello sir do
you want to be
saved not really I'm not really the type
of fear no one does no one ever does I
lay out eternity and they run like the
wind oh sorry about that my my wife
makes me do this you know she's not a
nice woman not nice at
all good luck now
what dude okay goodbye
farewell fairly well and
[__]
rejo or you are Sav today
together we shall light up Paradise with
a Holy Light
yeses
glor yes glories that I embody through
my Relentless
passion howy master
can I steal this carriage
no
door no
door no don't more
yeah yeah
welcome new and
strawberry I need a wash you got bth all
right head on over when you're
ready hold on where oh
Sur not the
hall yeah
okay it's time for a watching game play
or
something he's the blue
head washing
gameplay oh
wait I think I'm okay
thanks sure sure I'll leave you in
peace scrubbing gam play Who's Laughing
there not a laughing
matter I might just be hearing the
voices
again they
are where is this rubber ducky
nothing like a good bath
huh yeah man'
sure what if I just like kept getting
bads over and over again thanks
easy
[Music]
what just
happened D what are you
doing all
right
got will you quit me and leave me don't
forget
that what just happened what's what's
happening careful big man watch damn
step might want to go to a doctor before
heading to the saloon I'm fine I'm fine
did he like discharge it on
accident is he just kind of idiot
CED looking to sell your wares or buy
some of the finest meat to ever grace
this town
car beef and
Joints okay then
hey there welcome
just walks in and
leaves take
care
jail
m in the
there someone opened a new Saloon and my
sis
announc
no how you doing then I'm fine
I have no idea how to handle this one so
yeah hello sir I've uh I've come from
Blackwater I'm on the trail of a
dangerous gang
krisco heard you had some sort of
incident we don't deal with bounty
hunters around here son I was just
wondering if I could get a
description well they weren't friends
they got in a fight two men got killed
now one of them's an idiot the other's
some kind of dumb Mick so maybe them's
your boys you can look right enough when
we hang
them thank you
Sheriff let me out of here you maggots
you think these bars can hold me you
hear
me Arthur Arthur hello old friend had a
good time did you you going to get me
out of
here I ain't decided yet real funny oh I
ain't joking cowpoke I heard so much
Bluster out of your mouth these last 6
months and now I got an opportunity to
watch you be silenced but you got to do
something why I always looked up to you
Arthur well that's your first
mistake listen there's one little
problem there's only one of me and
there's a whole town full of people
wanting to see you swing you got to do
something
Arthur you got any dynamite
[Music]
maybe that steam donkey over there still
works
yes hook that over the bars see if you
can pull them
off what a modern disaster this is going
to be just pull that lever come
[Music]
on come on you got to try something
[Applause]
let's get out of here come
on what the hell are you doing he wasn't
O'Driscoll should have known up no
good come on
[Music]
don't go that way let's get the hell out
of here I got some unfinished business
trust me Morgan trust you you have
finally lost your damn
[Music]
mind I'm
moving God damn Maniac I should have
left you to hang we're in it now Morgan
what do you want to do
I'll kill this whole town if I have
to we should be long go by now they
got F of mine I ain't leaving
without you forgot
G come on let's clear them out
[Music]
you
wait keep shooting don't give up on me
now [__] more of the
bastards yep I see him
I don't go down that
easy shoot him
again hell's coming for you right
now let's go where are we going making a
house call there's more of these
Mor o we really should get out of here
calm yourself woman like I said I need
skny get out of
[Music]
here
skinny great skinny Micah it's
normal you always was a let down you fat
sack of crap excuse me a minute Arthur
hello Mary did you
[Applause]
miss
just they had something to
mine my guns I showed him and I'll show
the rest of this town you have really
lost it this
time I want that
mastering stop
hey you got last one and somebody sent
out a man for me to
fight
finish finish these bastards
die Dam it sons of
[__] going to get see you in hell
come out this way yeah who wants to see
me hang
now you're
dead where are you going now you want to
get out of here don't
you yeah reckon it's time we got out of
here Morgan you want to get out of
here damn it how many of these Sons been
out
here he driving Morgan I don't have much
choice they just ain't giving up are
they you're going
to oh
how do I kill
him look they're sing the whole
big ain't leaving here
alive I was saying I wish we could do
Friendly Fire
and
ex
what I was like Morgan looks fine the
horse don't make me where the hell do
you think you're going get back here
someone how many of these sons of
[__] are
there keep riding Morgan I don't have
much
Choice more of the bastards join the
party boys you're going to
[Music]
why does anyone want this guy around
again the whole the game
man now be a good time to
shoot son
bit okay woo let's get out of here
before we get any more on our
tail yeah good boy that was some good
shooting
Morgan I got to hand it to you what the
hell was that you pulled back there got
a bit wild all right wild making a house
call in the middle of all that ain't
much I care about more than those guns
that much is clear who was that fell
skinny yeah we ran together for a while
did a bank job down south didn't end
well I saw how godamn ended he was going
to let me hang I'm starting to wish I
had and you old Lenny too if he hadn't
found us in time yes we'll all be
thanked profusely I promise yeah well
you're lucky Dutch has got your back for
some unknown reason
I think we finally lost him I hope so
I'm giving you a holster my way of
saying thank you and thank you there I
was having a dull day only for you to
liven It Up by letting me help you shoot
up half a town you're a funny fell
Arthur real funny why you act all sour
all the time well you ain't funny at all
so why you got to act like the court J
all right listen I'm sorry but we're
family now Arthur you and
me Sons a Dutch makes us
brothers and sometimes Brothers make
mistakes I'm heading back to my little
Camp I'm back at strawberry come see me
maybe I can make things up to you so you
ain't heading back to Dutch no I've been
a bad boy Arthur I ain't seeing Dutch
till I can bring him a peace
offering bye now
yeah what the hell was all that for
then well that [__]
sucks only $300 to kill a 70
people not bad
hey mister no damn time for you that's a
fine horse you got
[Music]
there well that was a whole situation
you're
okay easy boy you're okay
[Music]
oh I see now
[Applause]
well
fine for
[Applause]
yep all right
you okay
boy good one boy good one
boy for
you poate bar for artha
I want
to guys can i r the
Train the train
you're all right
[Music]
boy yeah good
boy TR should be stopping at the station
right for F150 for
F150 face my ra face my
ra all right
boy yeah
[Music]
here we go
you need to move
along hey I told you already
ready this is your last one
warning you can
[Music]
all right I got I did all that for 72
seconds I'm your s you ass this
[Music]
I'm a hang your s you
something I don't
[Music]
oh please
help what in sad hell's going on back
[Music]
there you going mad
Nick been robing Graves say what you
want about
me yeah EV what's your goddamn
problem somebody get up here I need
help not another
step this is your life
hold back and do your job get upful
[Music]
boy kill
[Applause]
[Music]
ah you know what maybe it wasn't worth
it for 72 cents off that
body 72
cents some Cana and a
diet for
[Music]
wait what was the manual save I did was
it this
one 33 yeah I think it was this
[Music]
one well at least I learned that you can
stab someone as many times as you want
which is like
[Music]
good I like knowing that the stabbing
never stops no
[Music]
yep yeah
okay there
do you smoke
sir sure but perhaps not as much as you
oh no no don't worry about these
actually take some take a couple of
packs take a few oh thank you what are
all the cigarettes for are you heading
on a long journey or something no no no
no nothing like that at all I'm just
interested in the cards okay cigarette
cards oh you got me yeah well get them
out let me take a look come on come on a
little picture card yeah I'll pay a good
price okay hey
ah nothing I haven't got the value is in
completing the set sometimes I'll smoke
up to 200 Cigarettes in one day just so
I can keep opening the packs I wish I
could explain to you the pleasure and
the pain I get out of collecting these
babies sure it sounds uh thrilling yeah
it is not to mention the vast amounts of
Life reaffirming cigarettes I get to
smoke and the amount of money a
veritable Fortune sir Fortune oh sure
sure a complete set of any series is
worth worth of a fortune yeah look at
this Gunslingers over here circus freaks
yes yes yes meow meows of the desert so
rare I never knew sure how much well it
depends on the Rarity sir oh of course
yeah but you know if you ever get a
complete set I can uh take it off your
hands and you'd pay me a fair price now
you send them to me right here Phineas T
Ram bottom at your service
okay I got to run this is my train look
me up okay think about this deal only a
complete set that's where the value
lies all right he
I the the last sentence I expected to
hear was meow meows of the desert in Red
Dead Redemption 2
now you better start acting right around
here hello
sir hello
there table's growing Moss
hey mister well howdy
now guess I better go all
in buy it's just a
game sometimes I let my workers beat me
good for
morale could use something to Wet My
Whistle
thanks there we go what is this it's
always
me I'm
in I can is
that
here
nope that's
something I
mean yeah I
know I'm a check
[Music]
well I just a little
wager I'll raise
you why are we even betting if this is
going to be the
wager here's your worst
nightmare ah no this
ridiculous damn
I've done it
again Oops I did it again right that's
what you're
saying cigarette card guys just we just
play a little more no don't do them
dirty like that cards are
real much obliged
is that
it
call forgive me it's all I can
afford ain't no shame in being
cautious
mhm oh
yeah
now I'mma play slow come on why even
play then I'll
pass
no
ah send that my way
not my
way not my way what are
you I made it to Foreman with the same
skills that keeps me a winner here don't
need to think that hard it's just a
game you [__] said it's not that deep
dude
mhm I know ain't too
exciting why are we even betting if this
is going to be the wager Don't Mind If I
Do
yeah I know pretty pathetic I I I guess
I better go all in game too tough for
you game to your tough R just
[Music]
poker uh no I can raise
that and I guess we are really playing
oh
okay here just a little come on why you
play then okay here look not this
time
mhm nothing I can't
absorb there we
go there was like absolutely nothing
till the final
card Arthur plays Bacha
this is really some
[__] oh I'm glad I ain't you right
now uh okay I'll try my
luck I think I lost like 40 cents is
that a spiderweb hanging from your
cards that was a sentence
you're not the Pokemon card guy who are
you hello
sir I thought that was a big ass lizard
for a second
you okay
more come
here so that was doad
okay boy let's do
it there boy
[Music]
butter Dragon I thought you're talking
about the dog and doing the butter d
what was a lizard instead Ford
F150 easy
now there you
are Hey listen
I just wanted to say I know arur oh
Arthur you seem in a good mood I am son
I am you let's have some fun tonight
let's enjoy ourselves we having a party
maybe just a
little great Sean is
back don't you worry Miss crimshaw Y
come on keep our if I have to whip them
I will you get a bump on the
head and don't you already missed up
here you drunk Old Ship bag it'll be
nothing but the the finest game in the
PO now deadly Maguire's
back and don't worry about nothing Mrs
Grimshaw we'll have this Camp running
like
clockwork I love you
bastards have fun have lots of fun
woohoo let's even you you grumpy old
bastard after let's enjoy ourselves uhoh
here comes trouble I just can't get rid
of you can I mind if I join you fing
folks I suppose you're looking lovely as
ever if I may say so don't stop it
imagine riding with him all the way from
Blackwater to here it's
stup so what now come on long ride back
with him you have no
idea I can
imagine listen my friend he's been do
you know the Louisville Irish enjoyed a
party Molly oh yeah am enjoying it I
just don't need to fall over drunk
[Music]
with day put my hand upon her
toe I say
[Music]
I put
my you did very
[Music]
well now we're stuck
with all right well I should be getting
all
right I mean here is a group of fellas
that spent every waking minute just
dreaming to leave it and and then they
left
and then they jump back in again stupid
you know what that taught me something
and and and it taught me something I
will never
forget and that's that most fellas are
sheep that's right
and and if you can tell the difference
between
a the difference between a sheep and a
sheep and and a man so you got your
buddy back wasn't the same without that
makes you a better man than me sir well
I should get back to it all
right Mar
[Music]
my look at me with the bell of the
ball stop it's
[Music]
you
fore for
[Music]
kind of
crazy sure but I ain't much of a dance
Dr see Arthur it's okay to dance doesn't
mean we won't stop thinking you're angry
and sad what you thinking me sad in a
good way like a romantic
[Music]
poet you oh my God my immersion
this controller is always [__] dead
I'll tell you that much it's plugged in
half the
time that's about all I can
must
beautiful got to flare for the dramatic
[Music]
[Applause]
okay well thank you Mr
Morgan you okay
josea well done Arthur it wasn't just me
how are you doing Mrs
Adler not really in the party mood I
understand Mr
Morgan Morgan oh I'm good
Reverend
hello
hello what do you
want I'm not
I'm not quite
sure this keeps
happening
yeah all
right sure
thing here up stra it's a party what do
you mean I'm in an excellent mood oh
okay sorry I can never
tell suddenly you seem much better Mar
don't feel too sudden to me just when
the drinks come
out well he's
back as loud a mouth as ever a you you
can
[Music]
talk how you keeping old
man oh you know it's been better
we have had quite the ride huh oh yeah
quite the
right
Arthur they ain't strung us
yet no maybe they never will they
won't I'm going to get us out of this
one
you have been stuck
before you
[Music]
remember the drinker
I make no apologies for anything I did
last night
morning how are you today
Arthur when are we hunting another
bear maybe not for a
while might be for the
best like a Red
Lobster oh
[__] I check my Seer on my shoes last
night oh dral
boy you're not doing it right
[Music]
oh I'm never drinking
again oh now you decide this
hey careful not to work yourself to
death there Uncle I was thinking now
does it pay well eventually so while the
rest of us are busy stealing killing
lying fighting to try to survive you get
to think all day well it's a strange
world we live in Arthur
Morgan you want to head into town see if
we can find anything out sure I got some
errands to run great go check the horses
ready
you going to take the old man to town
take us too well what you got plann
nothing we'll find something for y'all
two do we always do we're bored out of
our minds been cooped up here for two
weeks now Karen's about ready to murder
Grimshaw can miss Grimshaw spare you can
miss Grimshaw spare you what's happened
to you Arthur three young healthy women
want you to take them Rob and you're
worried about house chores let's
go fair enough you got me come on
in I can't believe we're going to see
civilization feels like weeks since we
did yeah valentine very embodiment
civilization ladies are going to love it
sure you'll see real
civilized let's go all right you know
the way yeah me and the boys got into a
bit of a fight at the saloon there
already oh all that talk about how hard
you've been working you been
drinking
yep Ladi bring us a
song be sced damn so I don't go down
there no
[Music]
look at that he's all over
I got a girl she's
[Applause]
got sh
thees ah this is all right is one of you
going to get that Fella's horse oh I got
lomago it's very
serious all right I'll see what's going
on yeah I'm not sure you're taking us
the right way
wrong way l b go
really you all right there friend oh hey
you couldn't help me get my other horse
back from over there could
you sure no problem thanks it's the
white one over
there got pants on it looks pretty spook
easy
who now
easy see uncle that is a easy it's
okay I could steal
it there you got it well done
AR high honor Violet Pony moment don't
don't get twisted we're still killing
people in fact I could leave the horse
right on the track
yeah I know this was supposed to be an
early
mission I just I'm only still getting
used to those
format here here you go you're a
gentleman sir a gentleman no not really
I was just trying to impress the women
well anyway thank
you guys stop kissing holy
[__] come on let's go to
Valentine you're turning into a regular
old Fairy Godmother there Arthur what's
that supposed to mean that means you got
a heart a small one perhaps hitting deep
inside but a real one and you haven't
your pulse of old lizard lizards have
hearts well Arthur I'm proud of you to
be honest if you L hadn't been here I
probably would have Rob him well you did
it I probably would have Rob
it oh a
train w
[Music]
wo smell those
sheep or is that Uncle oh very funny
this looks like a decent little town
other people finally look at all that
snow on the mountains sure don't want to
be back up there you think we should
have asked Molly to come with us oh no
Miss so is far too high and mighty now
for the likes of us or to do any real
work she's a society lady
now okay take a good look around ladies
let's see what we got
here go left here down the main
street there's always on the right sure
you can pick up some bounties there
Arthur heaven forbid you put your head
on the
line that's a young man
game oo yes we can get up to some
Mischief here all right just remember
keep a little profile will you remember
that though Arthur yeah probably
not let's park up down the end there
near The
Stables horse attack I thought it said
horse I don't know why I thought it said
horse ATT
all right here we are just like I said
the cultural center of
civilization man at his finest unle what
are we doing well we're going to do what
any self-respect the maniac does put the
women to work with pleasure we'll start
at the
saloon okay just stay out of trouble and
don't get yourselves noticed right I I
need to get something from the stores
okay well we'll see you at the General
Store when you're done come on ladies
imagine we're in Paris come
onag so that's how you see yourself is
it a maniac well in my youth I used to
be known as the one shot
kid
okay I'm not going to ask
why you are a sad man Arthur Morgan but
I know you love me
desperately you're my favorite parasite
no ringworm is my favorite parasite
you're my second favorite parasite very
funny I lied
ringworm then rats with the plague then
you shut up this is the place now come
on
morning so what do you need drop a
whiskey for a start something to pass a
time while we're waiting on the women
yeah
reckon I should probably steer clear of
the saloon this time you're looking a
bit tired there Arthur why don't you
pick up some coffee while we're here
full stock list in the catalog here on
the counter Whiskey's on the top shelf
here's the door wait he you the fell who
had the fight with Tommy outside the
saloon yeah that all got a little out of
hand but I didn't swing first sure well
these things happen and that was some
good viewing don't reckon folk ever seen
Tommy lose a fight before well it's all
done now you not getting anything Arthur
I don't know
maybe what do you reckon lamb or a
sausage well this here's a sheep town
the Lamb's the best in the state now I
know what the smell is well that's a rap
she's all right so you're actually
buying for once you feeling all right
see this young folk got no respect for
their Elders no
more but look at this a jaw harp what is
this list of yours I got a lot to
replenish after that God awful time in
the mountains all done thank you
kindly ah this should do the trick yep
that's fine
whiskey at you do it let's go week for
them
outside all the best fellas trying to
stay out of trouble
now already drink oh here's your good
health sir and to being down here off
that mountain
absolutely it's a funny world you know
this time in my career I pictured myself
being married to an
ays gentlemen
I think I got something good what what I
snuck into this fancy house acted like a
servant girl usually works someone was
saying her sister was taking a trip from
New York or someplace Train full of Rich
tourists heading to sand KN and then
cruising off to Brazil okay a train late
and with baggage and passing through a
bit of deserted country at night as to
get to the docks in time for the tides
in some place called Scarlet Meadows
yeah know it yeah yeah it's right out in
near New Hanover right it's real quiet
out there sounds good where's Tilly and
Karen I think at the hotel they were
picking up some drunken fellas that they
was going to rob why seemed easy they
have been gone for quite a while I guess
I'll go see if there's any
trouble oh there's Tilly over
there that does not look ideal excuse
me get your hands off me you thought I
wouldn't find you chly you can go kiss a
damn snake for all I care get off me
boys get your hands off her friend who
are you a friend of mine get off
her or what
exactly you want to find
out you're making a big mistake Tilly
Jackson just get lost
I ain't doing this with you right now go
wait with Uncle and Mary Beth they're
across the street okay thanks Arthur
I thought that was a door big ass
window welcome
back uncle look after her I'm going go
see about caring in the hotel
Ladi can I help you
sir I'm looking for a girl who came in
here earlier with a drunk fell mid 20s
blonde you'd remember her yeah they're
in 2B upstairs are you a a friend of his
a friend of
hers the assumption
no trouble now
[Music]
please
me I'm getting what I PID
for hey who are you a friend of hers get
out of here buddy I paid ain't PID to
hit her you goddamn animal come here
what the hell are you doing here trying
to play him not very well you okay fine
you sure yeah nothing nothing to worry
about just men but stupid bastard stupid
bastard was boasting about the bank bank
sure I know small town banks are usually
a waste of time but this is a livestock
town there's lots of cash
sometimes okay keep investigating I
will I hope uh everything's okay up
there not really after
you thank you
Arthur I don't much like being saved but
when I have to be I understand
you okay sure he only punched me Arthur
punched him a lot harder all right now
hey who's that guy over there looking at
us weren't you in Blackwater a few weeks
back me no sir ain't from there oh you
were I definitely saw you with a bunch
of Fells me nah impossible listen buddy
come here for a minute I saw you come
here come on
get I don't like this me neither go get
the girls home I'm going to go go have a
word with our friend be careful Arthur
just a
word hey that's my just borrowing it you
stay away from me get back here right
now good
[Music]
girl Mr please I'm
sorry we need to talk pal
[Music]
yeah hey
hey please I can't get
up why are you telling lies about me no
no I I got it wrong partner I got it
very wrong now please help me up
I ain't never been in blackw then why
are you chasing
me I've got an unfortunate face yes yes
me too now please pull me up
please I can't hold on much
longer all right come
on you okay
partner
no no I am
not I'm a mess well you ain't
dead here is
that Jimmy
Brooks I think it's best for both of us
if we Pretend This Never
Happened well I
agree you saved my life you're a good
man and I uh here you want a pen it's
one of them steel
ones that's very kind of
you but I'm not a good man Jimmy Brooks
not
usually you see I was in
blackwat I kill
people and maybe I should have killed
you should I have killed you
Jimmy
Brooks
me I never saw you not not now not not
never I think we have an understanding
of course we
do Jimmy Brooks I will remember that
I've got a good memory I
haven't I haven't not not one lick not
one sense in this year old man
[Applause]
come on come on you have a nice day now
sir what's all this shooting
[Applause]
know going
to hey get out of here this doesn't
concern
you oh
I'm done with this son [__] take him
out
[__] did what did I do
one who who easy
girl you're all right you bastard
[Music]
oh
horse where's
[Music]
maybe horse revive from the bom
what did I do that for
exactly why did I find them oh yeah
because they started shooting at me
first I didn't even do
anything is it going to die if I leave
[Music]
okay
wait 26 25 oh
the yeah I guess we're living with that
one
just I swear they all started shooting
at
[Music]
me oh I'm going the complete wrong
direction and I should have known that
from the marker
[Music]
I mean I could tell there were two sides
of them
but I just did they were all shooting at
me I can't tell which ones were
like the attack
voice I need to buy Force survival
[Music]
ah hurry
up
welcome
thanks good choice this is fast
acting I'll keep
this come on horse
come on
horse stay
alive I'm naming you
spewer stay alive
spewer all right you you're going to be
all right
yes
yes there
girl eat some of
this it's even
[__] take it easy
hor is so
small all right
[Music]
girl partner also did I like not get a
bounty cuz I [__] killed them all
small
horse is it
Aon Mis no it's too big to
beon out it partner
y just hold her up a minute there
there's something up with this one I can
tell I ain't here to cause
trouble whatever you come looking for
ain't here clear these well let's hear
it for common
sense yep hello hey there mister hey
there
who for did I
steal let my f do some convers again
last
night I
broke is it my horse now
what are you doing
here how there Mis hello over
there no meal is complete if it don't
got
meat hey mister hello
there outy
hello you know what I'm feeling good
today happy to here anyway sorry you
don't need to know this so
long what was all that
then hey boy
where are
you okay seriously how do I return the
horse hey there hello there ah can't
seem to catch a break today life ain't
always easy
who's got mous to feed huh give him one
of these ribs just watch him
grow trying to yell at whose horse did I
steal Mister hello
there they're building house
salute
later this wasn't always here was
it hey there partner howy
well you know I ain't much for tough
talk I've had to quiet the occasional
loud mouth with my fists I've heard hey
partner heck ain't even worth it you had
me for a second
there hi folks oh
hello
hey
hi I guess it's my horse now
oh
you let me get
through oh me friend remember me oh wait
you're that fell who had to fight with
Tommy outside of
smithfields yep people are still talking
about that fight I ain't fair enough
neither's Tommy anyway how can I help
you today
thank you really hey hey Wallace this
here is the kind soul I was telling you
about the one that gave you the medicine
when the snake got you I guess so listen
friend I know I can never repay you
but how about you head over to the
gunsmith and pick out your choice of
item on my tab oh well thanks yeah
seemed like the least I could do with
him being sent straight from the
almighty to save save my life yeah the
almighty always a doubter you are I'm a
man of this world not the next one
anyway well all right it seems hey what
can I do for you better outside told me
I could grab something on his t one with
the bite in his leg a Norbert huh well
he's good for it about all he's good for
between the two of us well take a look
around find something you like I'll put
it on his tag
I can get a whole ass thing for
free you buy a Mouser what's what's
going
on would it would it even be reasonable
to like buy one of these for free
well I
mean oh wait I just realized there's a
lock
button I see here
don't I have that one
fine Choice I'll let him know bye
now
oh
oh oh
me
even
that's kind of crazy
yeah that's kind of
crazy that's like all my money
nice for
nice I was in there for a
bit oh I still need
[Applause]
sorry old Crawford at carodi Dell had a
wagon stolen from his barn ain't sure it
was his to start with mind
you
hello why okay like what the [__]
going on
there don't feel quite armed enough to
go back out there
well Rook here maybe this is our man you
a bounty hunter Mister maybe it
depends but I'm guessing you ain't here
to pass the day turn yourself in or
discuss the fining points of county
law then I don't need to know much more
than that till I got a reason to all
right
you smell
that this here's a livestock time
mister tracks delinquents and repo baits
like
flies now I'm not a fellow to pass a
quick judgment but I've been around long
enough to know you don't hire a saint to
catch a
center you bring me what I need and I'll
pay you well and I won't ask no
questions so what is it you need why
don't you have a look at that poster on
the wall over
there he's a low down huster he's been
poisoning folks with his miracle cure
from here to ansburg kill more than
Landon rickets without even pulling a
trigger get some kind of sick
satisfaction out of it fellerer over at
the saloon says he thought he saw him by
the gourd straight north of here you
think you can bring him in the money's
good I need him alive though I want to
make sure the women he witted get
compensated before he
swings I'll see what I can do well good
luck to
you
nice and we need him alive that's an
important Point alive I got it hello sir
[Music]
shout out new
horse
yep that's what they
say for
[Music]
hey you're okay girl
yeah little spin
easy
there good
sh up light
pollution make you for that
150 I'm not about that
[Applause]
easy
H what we got
here you Benedict All Bright
oh
sir
huh kind of look like him and I was told
it'd be up here
no not me sir it's
because I want to buy some medicine and
I
heard I heard good things I'll pay in
Gold if if you could help me find him
it's
just my mother's real
sick well if that's the case it's for a
sick woman I'd be happy to have I'm a
Healer you know a medical man finest
medicine in the
State game's over Mister put your hands
up taking you in taking me in what fo
apparently that stuff you're pushing is
killing folk there's a price on your
head I don't know it ain't my business
come on Partner that's crap I'm a
Healer I got an aura I speak to spirits
that I'm a scientist folks get real
angry for no good reason this this is a
mistake keep your hands up buddy they
only want you for
questioning I have to insist that this
is a mistake don't be a fool
hold
on I'm slipping
[__]
please you saved me now come on buddy
let's make this easy what you're taking
me in it's just for questioning oh you
saved my life ain't we had enough drama
I'd be better off
jumping they expressly told me not to
kill you oh this is about
you don't jump or what you can't shoot
me
oh please I'll take my chance come here
bye
friend really do not like
you wait my other
horse this is not my other horse
that's is that
okay [__] I got AC
cross swim to the
edge grab on
something keep your head above
water look out the rapid
hold your
breath oh
no all
[Music]
B help
help have you got a last
so come here come
here you saved me let me go
it is I should be
free let we go
disappear who made you you got friend
now who made you judge I'm only in it
for the money that's even worse I'm sure
it does seen that
way all right let's take you in
[Music]
w come on
girl what you think you're
doing relax I knew you were too
scared there we go
[Music]
easy girl
this terrain is so diverse
okay
girl
yeah yeah good
girl okay
there so we do have to go through this
water
[Music]
good
girl yeah
[Music]
easy
wo you're all right
girl oh sir I think I must be suffering
from exposure
[Music]
I seem to keep blacking
out sir
how you do seem to keep blacking
out sir this isn't necessary I'm a
medical man A Healer it's all just a big
mistake oh I don't feel very well I told
you to shut up who made you
judge I'm only in it for the money oh I
don't feel well at all you're a Bulet
sir
yes very OB D hold up God damn
how goes things with
you I'm
okay more and that's oh my Lord I wasn't
expecting you back so soon uh Mrs calor
was uh was just leaving sure where you
want them I'm selling the back
there's been some terrible mistake I
never did it any of it I thought I told
you to shut up
partner but I told you B nothing shut up
and uh good luck it's been real fun you
ain't much of a man you ask folks for
forgiveness you remember this partner
I've already forgot
now sure how much was you offering uh
$50 here thank
you
madam please remember what I told
you so what's that all
about good morning sir
come I they back at Camp already or
what where did they
go
like um
what so did they go
back like here I completely
like scrumbled away to that [__]
Quest or whatever you're not my horse
one of the deputies a out of jail for a
bottle of whiskey wasn't even the
expensive stuff I
hello
again I'll take care of these for you
like they're my own
there's that
one temporary
horse I guess it is
temporary okay I think that's fine then
whatever
try the stage coach Fe
here steady
now you pay up or we keep up please just
stop it'll cost a sweet Penny to get out
of this
friend you borrow from the odris boys
you pay the odris boys I made it right
with you I swear well then I guess you
forgot about the
interest I don't want to deal with that
right now
so how you
been I sure been better how you'll get
through
it okay to go the way back it's just the
towns or whatever
okay I think I'll start here for now
but hopefully keeping up with this next
time and uh next stream
hopefully try and stick to be consistent
on the [__] or something
[Music]
okay
gaming
[Music]
de do
this surprised the stream hasn't crashed
yet OBS likes to do
occasionally very
nice my wallpaper heaven or
something thanks
for thanks for being a horse and thanks
for coming to
stream we should do this again sometime
I'm going
in no okay yeah that's
true byee bye